Hello everyone, and
welcome to this section.
Here we will be giving you a few Fastboot
commands that we think will be useful for
you when playing around
with your Dragon Board.
Now, do note that Fastboot
is very powerful and
easy to use so we are only giving
you a few of the commands.
>> So without a doubt the most
common thing I think everyone
should use is Fastboot devices,
which essentially lists
all the devices that are connected to
Fastboot at this moment in time and
it's really useful to know
if you are connected or not.
>> And the next command is called flash or
.fastboot/flash and
you're going to pair that with the
destination and source, and what this will
do is it'll flash essentially file systems
and images onto your board that will
allow you to perhaps change the operating
system or boot some kind of stuff into it.
>> And Fastboot is already very smart to
know like if you say Fastboot flash boot,
and it provides a boot image itself
that'll know exactly where to put that
boot image,
where specifically on the flash itself.
>> In the next module,
you'll see that we go over how to
use Fastboot at least as one of our
potential ways to play around with
the operating system of the Dragon Board.
>> And just like Jacob said before,
Fastboot is a very powerful tool, and
with great power comes
great responsibility.
So make sure you know what you're doing.
Don't haphazardly start using Fastboot and
start flashing random files into it.
Make sure you follow step by step and
you know what you're doing.